behold a king will reign in
righteousness and princess will rule
with justice a man will be as a hiding
place from the wind and a cover from The
Tempest as rivers of water in a dry
place as the shadow of a great rock in a
weary land the eyes of those who see
will not be dim and the ears of those
who hear will listen also the heart of
the rash will understand knowledge and
the tongue of the stammerers will be
ready to speak plainly the foolish
person will no longer be called generous
nor the miser said to be bountiful for
the foolish person will speak
foolishness and his heart will work
iniquity to practice ungodliness to
utter error against the Lord to keep the
hungry unsatisfied and he will cause the
drink of the thirsty to fail also the
schemes of the schemer are evil he
devises wicked plans to destroy the poor
with lying words even when the needy
speaks justice but a generous man
devises generous things and by
generosity he shall stand
rise up you women who are at ease hear
my voice you complacent daughters give
ear to my speech in a year and some days
you will be troubled you complacent
women for the vintage you will fail the
gathering will not come tremble you
women who are at ease be troubled you
complacent ones strip yourselves make
yourselves bear
and gird sack cloth on your waists
people shall mourn upon their breasts
for the pleasant fields for the fruitful
vine on the land of my people will come
up thorns and briers yes on all the
happy homes in the joyous city because
the palaces will be forsaken the
bustling city will be deserted the forts
and towers will become lairs forever a
joy of wild donkeys a pasture of flocks
until the spirit is poured upon us from
on high and the wilderness becomes a
fruitful field and the fruitful field is
counted as a forest then justice will
dwell in the wilderness and
righteousness remain in the fruitful
field the work of righteousness will be
peace and the effect of righteousness
quietness and assurance forever
my people will dwell in a peaceful
habitation in secure dwellings and in
quiet resting places though hail comes
down on the forest and the city is
brought low in humiliation blessed are
you who sew beside all waters who send
out freely the feet of the ox and the
donkey